hi it's mark down here a head office in
Campbell Ontario Canada demonstrating
the microfiber mop now right now I don't
have a mop head on I'm going to start by
sweeping or dusting the floor and then
I'm gonna carry on to washing so I'm
gonna start with a dry mop head that's
the white fluffy when the dust magnet
now to put it on put it right on the
floor flat like that I usually start
with the handle fairly short and put
them up onto the mop head sticks by
velcro and now you're ready to dust
because you always have to sweep before
you add ducks this is always for dry use
when it's time to dust I always start in
the corners and around the perimeter to
pick up the dog here the cat hair the
fuzz of the fluff just procedure in the
entire house and pick up all the dry
stuff that you used to have to sweep or
vacuum up it picks up the dog hair the
cat hair and what I particularly like is
you can get in between table legs and
chairs and because it goes completely
flat you can also get underneath
furniture in appliances just like that
it's the only thing in our house that
will go completely flat to get under the
computers table and to get in between
the table legs and the chairs and
underneath the bunk beds now when you
finish sweeping with it just go up to
the front steps peel it off the velcro
and give it a shake and it comes back
clean certainly clean it up to sweep
your floor's with and when it's really
dirty that white microfiber dust magnet
goes into washing machine with your
normal load of laundry and hang it up to
dry but what microfiber best made is not
just great on floors but it's great on
walls too the microfiber mop is the best
wall dusting finding it way high up to
get cobwebs out of corners to dust walls
use the green one to wash walls the
white one to sweep and dust walls to
pick up all the dust accumulates way way
high up in places you normally have to
use a stepladder to get to it's
absolutely the easiest way in the entire
world the clean things that are high up
now we're going to go on to washing the
floor after you've swept or vestment
it's time to wash now you have two
choices you can use your green mop head
or you can use your purple one the green
ones for really dirty floors or for when
you have to do a large expanse of
flooring the purple one is for second
floor or hardwood floors that aren't
really bad
dirty or sticky food messes jam and
honeybee call it the scrubby pad because
it's so amazing on really sticky food
messes the only reason this wouldn't be
your everyday mop pad is because it
takes longer for the floor to dry after
you mop with this one about three or
four minutes then it does with the green
one that's the one you're going to use
everyday that's for when you have a
really dirty floor you have a large
expanse them up it'll go a lot further
than the purple one and the floor dries
much much more quickly now if you use
the microfiber mop pad when it's wet
just run it under the tap it's soaking
wet both front and back absolutely
saturated and then wring it out
still lots of water in those long green
fingers to clean your hardwood laminate
and ceramic tile floors start with the
green one that's the one with the long
green fingers remember I've run that
under the top to get it soaking wet or
what you could actually do is kind of
walk around and spray the floor but it
works better with water but it works
better if you brown it under the tap now
to put it on put them up on the mop head
and now you're ready to mop this mop
head is wet already what I like about
this mop is that it washes your floor
perfectly and leaves absolutely no
streaks with that heavy thick green
microfiber pad I can do it I can do a
large expansive flooring I can do two or
three rooms at a time whereas with my
scrubby pad I really want to be doing
maybe a small area of one small room at
a time you can go over the entire
expanse of flooring and it doesn't
matter whether it's hardwood laminate
ceramic slate marble or granite it'll
clean and shine therefore absolutely
perfectly every single time now if you
have a scuff mark on the floor then like
this that's a mess no it's not that hard
to get down on your hands and knees and
clean that up but the reason you have a
mop is to get off your hands and knees I
shortened the handle down I'll show you
how to do that in a second put my foot
on there and just move it back and forth
like that but the weight of your body
finish the job off and it comes up
absolutely perfect you're going to
notice three or four things about the
floor after you mop with my microfiber
mop
first the floral dry faster than any mop
you've ever used with this green pad
about 35 or 40 seconds second there's
not going to be any streaks left behind
no matter what kind of floor you have
hardwood laminate ceramic slate marble
granite
even porcelain floors that show the top
of this street so
the third thing you'll notice is that
when the floor dries you walk on it your
bare feet or your pets walk on it and
their bare feet you're not going to see
footprints because there's no chemical
residue left behind no chemical cleaners
means no sticky residue left behind
that's why you always use just water
when you're cleaning with your
microfiber mop